[Outlook] (EWS, REST) Update guidance and supported Exchange environments (#4850)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/get-attachments-of-an-outlook-item.md

---

> title: Get attachments of an Outlook item from Exchange

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Get an Outlook item's attachments from Exchange
```

description: Learn how your Outlook add-in can directly get attachments and their contents from Exchange Online or Exchange Server.
ms.date: 10/17/2024
ms.topic: how-to
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

> # Get attachments of an Outlook item from Exchange

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Get an Outlook item's attachments from Exchange
```
